8155 external metadata validation (#8245)
IQSS/dataverse: doc/sphinx-guides/source/installation/config.rst

can enter for an embargo end date. This limit will be enforced in the popup dialog in which users enter the embargo date. For example, to set a two year maximum:

``curl -X PUT -d 24 http://localhost:8080/api/admin/settings/:MaxEmbargoDurationInMonths``

> :DataverseMetadataValidatorScript

Reviewer: Just a thought, you could use the word "collection" for the dataverse settings, such as `:CollectionMetadataValidatorScript`.

Author: These existing settings have been in use for a year in prod. I'm not messing with them. Legacy.

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

> An optional external script that validates Dataverse collection metadata as it's being updated or published. The script provided should be an executable that takes a single command line argument, the name of the file containing the metadata exported in the native json format. The script should exit with a non-zero error code if the validation fails. If that happens, a failure message (customizable in the next two settings below, `:DataverseMetadataValidationFailureMsg` and `DataverseMetadataUpdateValidationFailureMsg`) will be shown to the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An optional external script that validates Dataverse collection metadata as it's being updated or published. The script provided should be an executable that takes a single command line argument, the full path to the Dataverse collection validation script. The script should exit with a non-zero error code if the validation fails. If that happens, a failure message (customizable in the next two settings below, `:DataverseMetadataValidationFailureMsg` and `:DataverseMetadataUpdateValidationFailureMsg`) will be shown to the user.
```

Author: No, that would be completely incorrect - sorry.

Author: (fixed the missing colon though)

Reviewer: Ah, I thought I had found a copy/paste error. I get it now. There's a lot packed into a single sentence. It's fine to leave it alone but we could also consider separated describing:

- what the setting points to (the script)
- how the script operates (by taking a JSON file as an argument)

For example:

``curl -X PUT -d /usr/local/bin/dv_validator.sh http://localhost:8080/api/admin/settings/:DataverseMetadataValidatorScript``

> :DataverseMetadataValidationFailureMsg

Reviewer: :DataverseMetadataValidationPublishFailureMsg might be more clear as a setting name.

Otherwise, the only difference between this setting and the one below is the presence or absence of the word "update".

Author: it's pure legacy. we thought it would only need to be done on publish, initially, just like for datasets. Then remembered that there is no "draft" published dataverses - so somebody could publish an innocuous dataverse, then add spam text to the description...

> ++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Reviewer: `make html` is failing with this:

installation/config.rst:2424:Title underline too short.

Specifies a custom error message shown to the user when a Dataverse collection fails an external metadata validation (as specified in the setting above) during an attempt to publish. If not specified, the default message "This dataverse collection cannot be published because it has failed an external metadata validation test" will be used.

For example: 

``curl -X PUT -d "This content needs to go through an additional review by the Curation Team before it can be published." http://localhost:8080/api/admin/settings/:DataverseMetadataValidationFailureMsg``

:DataverseMetadataUpdateValidationFailureMsg
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Same as above, but specifies a custom error message shown to the user when an external metadata validation check fails during an attempt to modify a Dataverse collection. If not specified, the default message "This dataverse collection cannot be updated because it has failed an external metadata validation test" will be used.

:DatasetMetadataValidatorScript
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

> An optional external script that validates dataset metadata during publishing. The script provided should be an executable that takes a single command line argument, the name of the file containing the metadata exported in the native json format. The script should exit with a non-zero error code if the validation fails. If that happens, the dataset is left unpublished, and a failure message (customizable in the next setting below, `:DatasetMetadataValidationFailureMsg`) will be shown to the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An optional external script that validates dataset metadata during publishing. The script provided should be an executable that takes a single command line argument, the full path to the dataset validation script. The script should exit with a non-zero error code if the validation fails. If that happens, the dataset is left unpublished, and a failure message (customizable in the next setting below, `:DatasetMetadataValidationFailureMsg`) will be shown to the user.
```
